Add flake8 check for wrong OSError usage (#80)
SAP/flake8-tergeo: docs/checks.md

Instead, extend `typing.TypedDict` by creating a new class.

## FTP019
Checks if `OSError` is called with an `errno` constant as the first argument, e.g. `OSError(errno.ENOENT)`.

> The parameter is not set the the `errno` attribute on the exception but used for the error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameter is not set as `errno` attribute on the exception but used value for the error message instead.
```

> Instead set the attribute on the exception instance like `error=OSError(); error.errno=errno.ENOENT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To properly set the `errno` attribute it must be set on the exception instance after initialization: `error=OSError(); error.errno=errno.ENOENT`.
```
